Error Tracking Standalone Doc Reshuffle (#24984)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/error_tracking/backend/_index.md

---
title: Backend Error Tracking
is_beta: true
private: true
further_reading:
  - link: '/error_tracking/explorer/'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Getting Started with the Error Tracking Explorer'
  - link: '/error_tracking/issue_states/'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Error Tracking Issue States and Workflows'
  - link: '/error_tracking/backend/exception_replay'
    tag: 'Documentation'
    text: 'Simplify production debugging with Datadog Exception Replay'
---

{{< beta-callout url="#" btn_hidden="false" url="https://forms.gle/dMLudmE2xoBw8Ur59" header="Join the Beta!">}}

> Datadog's standalone backend Error Tracking is in private beta. Sign up to be notified and added when the private beta opens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog's standalone backend Error Tracking is in private beta. Sign up to be notified and gain access when the private beta opens.
```
